"As a bluetooth speaker, the Tap rocks! The sound quality is excellent, plenty loud when needed, and excellent quality with no stutters in streaming. I bought this one instead of the Echo because it is portable, and I can lug it from room to room. The charging stand is very convenient, and the Tap stays there most of the time. Having to press the button to activate each of the voice commands is not an issue for me, but is something to consider. (If you want hands free use, you may want the big brother Echo device, which is hands free, but tethered in place by a power cord, so not portable). The feel of the Tap with the black fabric cover is nice, and will not slip out of your hand. The fabric is like tough upholstery cover, so it won't stain or be easy to damage, but is quite attractive. I am glad they did that, as bare plastic would be easy to drop. I found it easy to pair with bluetooth and wireless, and it works as advertised! I mostly just use it for playing music and asking Alexa silly questions for fun! I occasionally use it for shopping lists, which shows up on my phone, and checking the weather. Who knows what the future holds,when I have time to sit down and really learn all that it can do? I understand that Amazon plans to add more Alexa skills all the time, and if one got into smart house control with compatible products, the Tap would eliminate all remotes, which I already have too many of. I think it is a really fun, cool item, and I am glad I got it! It is so much fun to use voice commands instead of typing, especially the tiny smart phone typing ! I could get used to this! I have the Alexa app on my phone, which allows certain voice commands to show up on my phone, like shopping lists, to do lists, calendar. The Tap can also check traffic, weather, movies, etc directly through Wi Fi, no phone needed. However, the Alexa phone app actually helps you figure out what you can do with the Tap. The Tap can read Audible and some kindle ebooks to you as well! BTW, I haven't had any problems having it understand me, which is amazing, since I grew up in Texas and expected a problem with my accent. Obviously, this item is ideal for people who are Amazon Prime members, so you can stream Prime Music, although it also streams Pandora and other music services, and does many things without any connection to Amazon. I guess the most unique thing about the Tap is its ability to stream wi fi music directly, without a computer or phone driving it - that and the voice control. I have paid more for smaller ""just"" bluetooth speakers, so to me, this was a super deal, and continues to be a source of fun and entertainment!",Fun and Useful with Great Sound
